then hi girls then in this
video I'll show you the coverage
of the natural nail
I performed the film King first
and how I begin with the preparation
of the nail then we have already animated
we have already done everything so I start with
the anti fungal me in this case that i
I'm using bushel products from the
decimals the anti-escape I pass over it all
the nail and also below the free village
then I put in life rap and this too
I put on the whole nail and then I go core
primer the primer is put only
on natural india
let's wait on the face with dinho
ok then now start with the base
blue always by guzman mastella
carefully over the entire nail and standing
be careful not to touch the film
I put very little product if I take it
I'm going to eliminate it too
manner and lamp in minutes ok one
after 3 basic minutes have gone by
take the camber I take with the brush
necessary amount based said
I'm going to work
the opposition makes the central part
let's say a little more moved towards the
freeboard and then go down to the
cuticle with very little product I do
in lateral lightly and then I go e
on the other side it starts from the center
of the cuticle I go to the other side
and then discharge the genius at the tip and if there is
excessive product I'm going to remove
regarding the lateral structure like
you see already positioned right not always
it is immediately perfect and if it does not come
perfect I go a little closer to
arrange with the brush
looking at her in all the years
angles then from the front to the edge
free laterally that good or bad is
already in place also on the other side because
sometimes there are its roofs
so let's go and recover
in lamp for another three minutes and now me
I forgot to tell you that for the
curved used the former ie slow of
bushman and I wanted to say that I am not
absolutely good at speaking English
so in quotation marks I speak it as it is
I read
excuse my ignorance they take away state
of dispersion with the clan and begins
at sea side free edge e
parallel in parallel must be
lateral and parallel linear and then
it begins in the sea around the lap like that
there
I try to fix the camber in the
best possible way to go
to the sea sheet as little as possible
once I file the structure
indeed he looks at it in all angles
so if I go on free board
lateral and then also from the other side
to see if it is correct
too touched the cuticle
once i've done this i do
turn your hand to nothing about it
he raised the edge correctly
free
after that step the mustache
and then always use this accessory or
remove the dust
now I make a monocolor and I'm using
the color is a color of the chamaleon e
dell exclusive and magic glitter
magic blues
then I put myself to put the color
a bit of time because I like it
spread it as perfect as possible use
a cat's tongue brush so
that is rounded on its own tip
put it in the best way
it starts from the cuticle frost and then I go up
laterally to reach the tip
same procedure on the other side
and then the system freeboard also that
color
needed some side protection lo
I take off
then put the lamp on now I do the
second hand still in color though
as you see a very beautiful color is that
it might even be feasible to do
just one hand but me for all the colors
face always remains because it goes by
fix the imperfections that I have braked
in the first one by hand the resolution is in
lamp once again past minutes
of color lamp I go with the
sealant spreads perfectly over
all the color well in the laterals e
in the tip and still the lamp states
minutes of lamp I used a gel
without dispersion and therefore it is not there
need to degrease and go directly
with cuticle oil one step away from
all parts
around him
and like this here the final result
what you see it well
thanks to the next hello